the jungle professors by day professor
lucas and dr maria were beloved
university teachers lucas taught zoology
and maria specialized in anthropology
they were respected by students and
colleagues alike for their vast knowledge
yet once night fell their lives changed
entirely the couple lived deep in the
jungle in a hidden cabin surrounded by
towering trees and wild animals lucas
asked maria how often do you think
someone will notice our double life maria
smiled once in a blue moon maybe who
would ever think that two university
professors could live such a savage life
out here every once in a while they'd
walk through the dense forest talking
about their day at the university but as
soon as the sun set they became hunters
they'd go deep into the jungle searching
for animals to kill and make clothing
from it wasn't just any clothing though
these weren't your typical professors
their outfits were made from the finest animal
hides
fur
and feathers these look snatched
lucas would say after crafting a new outfit
the jungle had its own rules and they
followed them
their clothing was a flex showing
off
their jungle skills one night as they
hunted a wild jaguar lucas pulled maria
aside look out
it's coming toward us he said the jaguar
lunge but with swift movements lucas took
it down maria panted that was lit we got
ourselves a new outfit
but their secret wasn't easy to keep what
happens if someone from the university
finds out
maria wondered aloud that would be like
letting the cat out of the bag lucas said
but don't worry we'll ghost anyone who
gets too close right maria added plus who
would believe us when pigs fly someone
might think we're out here hunting
animals by night despite
their savage night lives
the couple maintained their university
facade their students would never know
that their professors dressed in fine
tailored suits during the day spent
the night weaving jaguar skins into
clothing themselves
but every once in a while maria would
notice a student's suspicious glance brah
do they know she'd ask lucas stop being
so shook he'd reply they're barking up
the wrong tree if they think we're
anything but boring professors one day
maria overheard a student asking a
colleague excuse
me have you thought about what professors
lucas and maria do after class
the colleague laughed sorry i didn't
catch that are you serious maria's heart
raced but she kept her cool sorry she
said and then thought to herself maybe
they're just pulling someone's leg when
someone asked how old they were lucas
would laugh old enough to know better but
young enough to still slay at night they
lived a double life flawlessly they hit
the books by day and hit the jungle by
night killing two birds with one stone
maintaining both their careers and their
wild passions
but the jungle was dangerous one night
lucas almost bit off more than he could
chew when they faced a ferocious pack of
wolves maria
saved the day by using her knowledge of
the jungle to out quit them that was
close she said
maybe we should call it a day before one
of us ends up kicking the bucket yeah
lucas agreed but hey we'll still be back
tomorrow
this life is too bustin to stop as they
sat in front of their cabin maria
turned to lucas is it okay if we take a
break tomorrow i could use a little rest
sure go
ahead lucas replied
we've earned it
break a leg out there tomorrow
have you thought about how
we can make this easier maria suggested
maybe we should ask for help from our
colleagues good idea
lucas said but i hate to think what they
would say if they knew and so the couple
continued their wild dual existence
they lived for the thrill of the hunt and
loved the challenge of balancing their
jungle lives with their academic careers
every once in a while they'd spill the
tea on their adventures to a close friend
but only enough to keep the truth hidden
after all in front of the classroom they
were just regular teachers but in the
jungle they were something entirely different